Update error-users-impacted.mdx (#10704)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/errors-inbox/error-users-impacted.mdx

## Getting started [#getting-started]

User impact metrics are collected automatically if your error events have an attribute identifying the end user. 

> For agents that don’t natively support adding a user identifier to telemetry, we recommend adding a custom attribute and following [OpenTelemetry's](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/more-integrations/open-source-telemetry-integrations/opentelemetry/opentelemetry-introduction) convention attribute for identity attributes, which is `enduser.id`. The process of sending custom attributes to New Relic is detailed [here](/docs/data-apis/custom-data/custom-events/collect-custom-attributes/#enabling-custom). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For agents that don’t natively support adding a user identifier to telemetry, we recommend adding a custom attribute and following OpenTelemetry's convention attribute for identity attributes, which is `enduser.id`. The process of sending custom attributes to New Relic is detailed [here](/docs/data-apis/custom-data/custom-events/collect-custom-attributes/#enabling-custom). 
```

## Getting started [#getting-started]

User impact metrics are collected automatically if your error events have an attribute identifying the end user. 

> For agents that don’t natively support adding a user identifier to telemetry, we recommend adding a custom attribute and following [OpenTelemetry's](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/more-integrations/open-source-telemetry-integrations/opentelemetry/opentelemetry-introduction) convention attribute for identity attributes, enduser.id. The process of sending custom attributes to New Relic is detailed [here](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/data-apis/custom-data/custom-events/collect-custom-attributes/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For agents that don’t natively support adding a user identifier to telemetry, we recommend adding a custom attribute and following OpenTelemetry's convention attribute for identity attributes, which is `enduser.id`. The process of sending custom attributes to New Relic is detailed [here](/docs/data-apis/custom-data/custom-events/collect-custom-attributes/#enabling-custom). 
```
